PRIVACY POLICY

Last Updated: April 23, 2024

INTRODUCTION

("our" "we" or "us") respect the privacy and are committed to protect
the personal information of our Users ("user," "you," your" or
"yours") when you visit or use (the "App"). We provide our App and
Services (hereinafter collectively, either "App" or "Services") to you
as under the following privacy policy (the "Policy").

PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT

In order to keep the App functional, we must process information about
you to operate, improve, modify, customize, support and market our
services.

The type of information that we collect depends on how you use our App
and Services. We require certain information to deliver to you, our
services, and without this, we will not be able to provide such
services to you. Our Services have optional features, which, if used
by you, require us to collect additional information to provide such
features. You will be notified of such collection, as appropriate. If
you choose not to provide the information needed to use a feature, you
will be unable to use the feature. Please carefully read the following
to understand what information we may collect:

 	* When you use the App or register to the App, we may ask you to
provide certain information, including USERNAME OR IP ADDRESS. We will
also collect or otherwise ask you to provide additional information
that you provide us, such as your profile details, pictures and/or any
other texts, images, videos or information that you may upload on the
App and/or provide to the App. 
 	* We may also collect details about other social networks and linked
accounts such as Meta and also information about your communications
with us as well as communication with other users of our App, and we
receive certain information, which they provide, such as TO CREATE
USER ACCOUNTS, TO MANAGE USER ORDERS, TO CONTACT USER, TO COMPLY WITH
APPLICABLE LAWS OR TO PROVIDE SUPPORT. 
 	* We also collect information while you access, browse, view or
otherwise use the App. In other words, when you access the App we are
aware of your usage of the App, and gather, collect and record the
information relating to such usage, including geo-location
information, IP address, device and connection information, browser
information and web-log information, phone book and contacts, and all
communications recorded by Users through the App. We use that
information to enhance user experience, personalize your browsing
experience as well as monitor the App for preventing fraud and
inappropriate content or behavior. We collect texts, information,
pictures, videos and/or any data that you may upload on the app. We
also collect supplemental information obtained from third parties such
as demographic and navigation data, if applicable. We combine your
personal information with information we collect automatically or
obtain from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our
services, content and advertising and/or to prevent fraud. 

All of the preceding is collected, as permitted by applicable laws
relevant to your jurisdiction.

 HOW DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION? 

INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU. You directly provide us with most of the
information we collect. You do this by filling out the registration
details on the App, linking accounts of other social networks to your
account, completing application forms, as well as by posting and
sharing additional information voluntarily.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE THE APP. We collect technical
information indirectly and automatically through our systems. This
information includes logging your operating system, software
configuration, Internet Protocol (IP) address and use of cookies
(cookies are small files sent from us to your computer and sometimes
back). Cookies ultimately help us improve your navigation and ease of
use of our App.

Should you require additional information about how we may use Cookies
to improve the services we provide, please visit our COOKIE POLICY.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES. We may receive information
from third party vendors and/or other commercially available sources,
such as:

 	* Third party vendors who provide us data to supplement the
information we collect about you, in accordance with applicable laws.
For example, we receive information from advertising and marketing
partners in order to manage and measure our campaigns as well as from
enrichment service providers to enhance, modify and personalize your
experience of the App. 
 	* If you link, connect, or login to your to your social media
accounts with us, with a third-party service (e.g. Meta), we will
receive certain profile information about you from your social media
provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the
social media provider concerned, but will often include your name,
email address, friends list, profile picture as well as other
information you choose to make public on such social media platform.
Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other
uses of your personal information by your third-party social media
provider. We recommend that you review their privacy notice to
understand how they collect, use and share your personal information,
and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps. 
 	* For more information, please see the following sections of this
Policy: ANALYTICS, COOKIES and MARKETING AND BEHAVIORAL REMARKETING 

 HOW WE USE COLLECTED PERSONAL INFORMATION? 

All processing of your personal information will always be justified
by a "lawful ground" for processing, where relevant under applicable
laws. In the majority of cases, processing will be justified on the
basis that:

 	* you, or in the case you are below the age of 16 or the age of
legal adulthood if different in your country, your parent or guardian
has provided consent for us to use your personal information for a
specific purpose; 
 	* the use of your personal information is necessary to perform a
contract or take reasonable steps to enter into a contract with you
(E.G. TO PROVIDE YOU WITH AGREEMENTS OR SERVICES WHICH YOU HAVE
PURCHASED); 
 	* the processing is necessary to comply with a relevant legal
obligation or regulatory obligation that you and/or we have (e.g.
fraud prevention); or 
 	* the processing is necessary to support our legitimate interests as
a business (e.g. to improve our services to you), subject to your
interests and fundamental rights and provided it is conducted at all
times in a way that is proportionate. 

We will use your personal information for the following purposes:

 	* To create user accounts.
 	* To manage user orders.
 	* To contact user.
 	* To comply with applicable laws.
 	* To provide support.

 HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? 

We retain personal information only for as long as is required to
fulfil the purpose for which it was collected and unless otherwise
stated for a period of: AS LONG AS THE USER HAS AN ACCOUNT WITH US.
Please note that some circumstances, we will retain your personal
information for longer periods of time. We will retain personal
information for the following purposes:

 	* as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations, e.g.
as long as is necessary to provide services, etc.; and 
 	* in relation to personal information to comply with applicable
laws, prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any
investigation, enforce our App terms and take other actions as
permitted by law. 

 CHILDREN UNDER THE LEGAL AGE OF ADULTHOOD 

Our services are not directed to children under the age of thirteen,
or any as such age relevant to Applicable Laws in your jurisdiction,
and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children
under the age of thirteen, or sixteen, through our Services. We
encourage parents and legal guardians to help enforce our Privacy
Notice by instructing children under the age of thirteen not to
download or use our online services.

Should we learn we have collected or received personal information
from a child under 13 or any such age relevant to Applicable Laws in
your jurisdiction, we shall delete that personal information
immediately and if we shall have a reasonable doubt that the consent
given is not truthful regarding the age of the user, we reserve
ourselves the right to immediately suspend the access to the App
giving notice of the reasons. If you believe we might have any
information from or about a child under 13 or 16, or if you are a
parent or guardian concerned that we may have collected information of
your child, please contact us immediately at APE.STUDIOS.VR@GMAIL.COM.

 SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES 

We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for
their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.

We share your personal information with third parties as under:

 	* We share personal information with service providers that provide
us with services for the purpose of operating the App and opening and
operating your account. Consistent with applicable legal requirements,
we take commercially reasonable steps to require third parties to
adequately safeguard your personal information and only process it in
accordance with our instructions; 
 	* We share personal information to law enforcement agencies, public
authorities or other parties, if we believe we are required to do so
by law, or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with our
legal obligations; 
 	* We share personal information with payment processors, fraud
detection agencies and similar third parties for the purpose of
facilitating payments done via the App and securing the App and
protecting it against fraud or other liabilities; 
 	* We also may share limited personal information with such social
media platforms and marketing partners, such as Facebook, Twitter and
Google, to promote our services. Such features and third party
services collect certain information about you and may set a cookie to
enable their functionality. Such third party features are governed by
their privacy policies and under their terms and conditions. 
 	* Personal information will also be disclosed if we go through a
business transition such as a merger, sale, transfer of all or a
portion of 's assets, acquisition, bankruptcy or similar event. In the
event that we sell any business or assets, we will disclose your data
to the prospective buyer. If we or substantially all of our assets are
acquired by a third party, information held by us about our users will
be one of the transferred assets. 

Please note, when you publish your information and/or share your data
with other Users, we try to maintain the standards of all users, but
we do not take responsibility over the actions of other users.

 WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 

We may store your data manually or electronically. Any data stored
electronically will be stored in secure servers, and any data stored
manually will be stored in our premises within the CANADA.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not
completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your
personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to
us and any transmission is at your own risk.

 COOKIES 

We use cookies and similar technologies (such as web beacons, pixels,
tags, and scripts) to improve and personalize your experience, provide
our services, analyze performance and for marketing purposes.

A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser and
stored in the browser. The file is then sent back to the server each
time the browser requests a page form the server. This enables the web
server to identify and track the web browser.

We may send a cookie which may be stored by your browser on your
computer’s hard drive. The information we obtain from the cookie
could be used to improve the website’s usability and for marketing
purposes. We may also use that information to recognize your computer
when you use our App and to personalize our App for you.

Browsers usually will allow you to refuse cookies but this could have
a negative impact on the usability of many websites.

To learn more about how we and our third party service providers use
cookies and your control over these Cookies, please see our Cookie
Policy.

 DO NOT TRACK 

Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some
web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by the web and
online services. We do not honor browser requests not to be tracked
online (known as "Do Not Track"), but our Cookie Policy describes how
you can opt out of receiving cookies. To learn more about cookies,
including how to view which cookies have been set and how to manage
and delete them, please visit: www.allaboutcookies.org
[https://allaboutcookies.org]. At this time, our App do not respond to
Do Not Track beacons sent by browser plugins.

 ANALYTICS: 

We do not share our App traffic data with any third party for any
purpose unless required for legal reasons such as meeting applicable
laws, regulations, legal processes, or enforceable governmental
requests and/or unless you have given an explicit consent to allow us
to do so; enforcing applicable terms of service; detecting,
preventing, or otherwise addressing fraud, security, or technical
issues; protecting against harm to the rights, property or safety of
our Company, our Customers, or the public as required or permitted by
law.

If you'd like to opt-out or If you'd like to obtain a copy of your
data, make a correction, or have it erased, please contact us in any
way convenient for you in the CONTACT US section.

 DISCLAIMERS: 

 ADS AND EXTERNAL LINKS 

Please note that the App may contains links to third party Apps and
advertisements, and if you link to a third party App from the App, any
data you provide to that App and any use of that data by the third
party are not under the control of and are not subject to this Policy.
You should consult the privacy policies of each App you visit. This
Policy applies solely to personal information collected by our App. If
you upload content, including personal information, to a social
network and then tag the App, your submission will be subject to that
social network's terms of use and privacy policy, even where you post
on an official page on the social network. We do not have control over
these terms of use and privacy policies and have not reviewed their
adequacy. You should therefore review these before submitting any
personal information.

 INCORRECT CONTENTS 

We take reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy of the information
provide on the App and on the external link in this policy listed.
However, the information is provided "as is" without any warranty of
guarantee of any kind. Under no circumstance should you rely on the
accuracy of information given on the App.

We take no responsibility or liability for the accuracy, content,
completeness, reliability or legality of the information and contents
contained on this App.

 SECURITY 

We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical
safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use,
modification and disclosure of personal information in our custody and
control, including only providing access to personal information to
employees and authorized service providers who require such
information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

 RIGHTS OF EU USERS 

Under applicable EU regulation, in short, you have the following
rights in respect of your personal information:

1) The right to be informed;

2) The right of access;

3) The right to erasure;

4) The right to rectification;

5) The right to restrict processing;

6) The right to data portability;

7) The right to object, and

8) Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.

Under applicable EU regulation, in detail, you have the following
rights in respect of your personal information:

 	* to obtain a copy of your personal information together with
information about how and on what basis that personal information is
processed; 
 	* to rectify inaccurate personal information; 
 	* to erase your personal information in limited circumstances where
(a) you believe that it is no longer necessary for us to hold your
personal information; (b) we are processing your personal information
on the basis of legitimate interests and you object to such
processing, and we cannot demonstrate an overriding legitimate ground
for the processing; (c) where you have provided your personal
information to us with your consent and you wish to withdraw your
consent and there is no other ground under which we can process your
personal information; and (d) where you believe the personal
information we hold about you is being unlawfully processed by us; 
 	* to restrict processing of your personal information where: (a) the
accuracy of the personal information is contested; (b) the processing
is unlawful but you object to the erasure of the personal information;
(c) we no longer require the personal information for the purposes for
which it was collected, but it is required for the establishment,
exercise or defense of a legal claim or (d) you have objected to us
processing your personal information based on our legitimate interests
and we are considering your objection; 
 	* to object to decisions which are based solely on automated
processing or profiling; 
 	* where you have provided your personal information to us with your
consent, to ask us for a copy of this data in a structured,
machine-readable format and to ask us to share (port) this data to
another data controller; or 
 	* to obtain a copy of or access to safeguards under which your
personal information is transferred outside of the EEA. 

In addition to the above, you have the right to lodge a complaint with
a supervisory authority for data protection.

We will ask you for additional data to confirm your identity and for
security purposes, before disclosing data requested by you. We reserve
the right to charge a fee where permitted by law. We will decline to
process requests that jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely
impractical, or would cause us to take any action that is not
permissible under applicable laws. Additionally, as permitted by
applicable laws, we will retain where necessary certain personal
information for a limited period of time for record-keeping,
accounting and fraud prevention purposes.

The owner and Data controller is APE.STUDIOS.VR@GMAIL.COM.

 SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS 

This section of the Policy applies to you, if you are a California
resident.

We have collected the following categories of personal information
from Users:

 	* Information that you chose to upload or otherwise provided by you
which may include: (i) Identifiers and personal information, such as
name, postal addresses, online identifiers, email addresses, and
location. 
 	* Information we collect when you use the App, including (i)
Identifiers and personal information, such as online identifiers,
internet protocol (IP) addresses, access device and connection
information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting and
browser plug-in types and versions; (ii) commercial information,
including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or
other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies; (iii) Internet
or other electronic network activity information, including, but not
limited to log-in and log-out time, the duration of sessions, the
content uploaded and downloaded, viewed web-pages or specific content
on web-pages, activity measures; (iv) Location information, based on
your IP address and GPS, (iv) phonebook based on your contact lists;
(v) pictures based on your camera. 
 	* Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to
create a profile about you. 
 	* We obtain personal information listed above from third party
sources, as detailed in this Policy. 

We use the personal information that we collect or receive for the
business purposes as described above under the Section titled "HOW DO
WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED?".

We disclose personal information to third parties for business
purposes as described above under the Section titled "Sharing Personal
Information with Third Parties" in the Policy. In the preceding twelve
(12) months, we have disclosed all the categories of personal
information detailed above for business purposes.

As previously mentioned in this Policy, we do not sell (as such term
is defined in the CCPA) personal information and will not sell it
without providing Users with a right to opt out.

You are entitled to the following specific rights under the CCPA in
relation to personal information related to you:

 	* You have a right to request that we will disclose certain
information to you about our collection and use of personal
information related to you over the past 12 months. After verifying
your request, we will disclose to you: (i) the categories of personal
information that we collect about you; (ii) the categories of sources
from which the personal information is collected; (iii) the purposes
for collecting, using, or selling that personal information; (iv) the
categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business
purpose or sold, and the categories of third parties to whom we
disclosed or sold that particular category of personal information;
(v) the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected
about you; (vi) if we disclosed your personal information for a
business purpose, the categories of personal information we have
disclosed; (vii) if we sold your personal information, the categories
of personal information we have sold. 
 	* You have a right to request that we delete personal information
related to you that we collected from you under certain circumstances
and exceptions. 
 	* You also have a right not to be discriminated against for
exercising your rights under the CCPA. 

To make such requests, we kindly ask that you contact us at
APE.STUDIOS.VR@GMAIL.COM.

We will verify your request using the information associated with your
account, including email address. Government identification may also
be required.

A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-months
period. Any disclosures that we provide will only cover the 12-months
period preceding receipt of your request. We do not charge a fee to
process or respond to your verifiable User request unless it is
excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that
the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such
decision and provide you with a cost estimate before processing
further your request.

 UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION 

We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is
accurate and up to date, and we provide you with the opportunity to
update your information through your account profile settings. In the
event that you believe your information is in any way incorrect or
inaccurate, please let us know immediately. We will make sure we
investigate the matter and correct any inaccuracies as quickly as
possible where necessary or give you ways to update it quickly or to
delete it - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate
business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information,
we will ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your
request. If for any reason you have a problem with deleting your
personal information, please contact us at APE.STUDIOS.VR@GMAIL.COM
and we will make reasonable efforts to delete any such information
pursuant to any applicable privacy laws.

 CONTACT US 

To exercise any of your rights in connection with your personal
information, we kindly ask that you please contact us at
APE.STUDIOS.VR@GMAIL.COM .

If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Policy, please
email our team at APE.STUDIOS.VR@GMAIL.COM, and we will make an effort
to reply within a reasonable timeframe.

For the purposes of GDPR (Article 27), you may contact our EU
representative and Data Protection Officer: APE.STUDIOS.VR@GMAIL.COM .

CONTACT US

For any questions or queries regarding this Privacy Policy, please
feel free to contact us:

APE.STUDIOS.VR@GMAIL.COM 
